
===== PAGE 1 =====
. 
. 
Latest updates: hps://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3597503.3639162
. 
. 
RESEARCH-ARTICLE
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds
of Open-Source Java Projects
TIANYANG LIU, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China
. 
WEIXING JI, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China
. 
XIAOHUI DONG, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China
. 
WUHUANG YAO, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China
. 
YIZHUO WANG, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China
. 
HUI LIU, Beijing Institute of Technology, Beijing, China
. 
View all
. 
. 
Open Access Support provided by:
. 
Beijing Institute of Technology
. 
PDF Download
3597503.3639162.pdf
22 March 2026
Total Citations: 1
Total Downloads: 1025
. 
. 
Published: 12 April 2024
. 
. 
Citation in BibTeX format
. 
. 
ICSE '24: IEEE/ACM 46th International
Conference on Soware Engineering
April 14 - 20, 2024
Lisbon, Portugal
. 
. 
Conference Sponsors:
SIGSOFT
ICSE '24: Proceedings of the IEEE/ACM 46th International Conference on Soware Engineering (May 2024)
hps://doi.org/10.1145/3597503.3639162
ISBN: 9798400702174
.


===== PAGE 2 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From
Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects
Tianyang Liu
lty@bit.edu.com
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Weixing Ji∗
jwx@bit.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Xiaohui Dong
xhdong@bit.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Wuhuang Yao
yaowuhuang@bit.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Yizhuo Wang
frankwyz@bit.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Hui Liu
liuhui08@bit.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Haiyang Peng
haiyangpeng2@gmail.com
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
Yuxuan Wang
wangyuxuan@bit.edu.cn
Beijing Institute of Technology
Beijing, China
ABSTRACT
High-quality defect repositories are vital in defect detection, local-
ization, and repair. However, existing repositories collected from
open-source projects are either small-scale or inadequately labeled
and packed. This paper systematically summarizes the program-
ming APIs of system resources (i.e., file, socket, and thread) in Java.
Additionally, this paper demonstrates the exceptions that may cause
resource leaks in the chained and nested streaming operations. A
semi-automatic toolchain is built to improve the efficiency of de-
fect extraction, including automatic building for large legacy Java
projects. Accordingly, 1,094 resource leaks were collected from 321
open-source projects on GitHub. This repository, named JLeaks,
was built by round-by-round filtering and cross-validation, involv-
ing the review of approximately 3,185 commits from hundreds of
projects. JLeaks is currently the largest resource leak repository,
and each defect in JLeaks is well-labeled and packed, including
causes, locations, patches, source files, and compiled bytecode files
for 254 defects. We have conducted a detailed analysis of JLeaks for
defect distribution, root causes, and fix approaches. We compare
JLeaks with two well-known resource leak repositories, and the
results show that JLeaks is more informative and complete, with
high availability, uniqueness, and consistency. Additionally, we
show the usability of JLeaks in two application scenarios. Future
studies can leverage our repository to encourage better design and
implementation of defect-related algorithms and tools.
∗Corresponding author
Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or
classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed
for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation
on the first page. Copyrights for components of this work owned by others than the
author(s) must be honored. Abstracting with credit is permitted. To copy otherwise, or
republish, to post on servers or to redistribute to lists, requires prior specific permission
and/or a fee. Request permissions from permissions@acm.org.
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
© 2024 Copyright held by the owner/author(s). Publication rights licensed to ACM.
ACM ISBN 979-8-4007-0217-4/24/04. . . $15.00
https://doi.org/10.1145/3597503.3639162
CCS CONCEPTS
•Software and its engineering → Software testing and debug-
ging; Empirical software validation.
KEYWORDS
Resource leak, Defect repository, Open-source projects, Java lan-
guage
ACM Reference Format:
Tianyang Liu, Weixing Ji, Xiaohui Dong, Wuhuang Yao, Yizhuo Wang, Hui
Liu, Haiyang Peng, and Yuxuan Wang. 2024. JLeaks: A Featured Resource
Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects. In
2024 IEEE/ACM 46th International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE
’24), April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal. ACM, New York, NY, USA, 13 pages.
https://doi.org/10.1145/3597503.3639162
1 INTRODUCTION
Memory and resource leaks in software usually lead to system per-
formance degradation or even system crashes[19, 25, 49]. However,
finding them in the early stage of the software development is
chanllenging, as they can only be triggered when resource alloca-
tion accumulates to a certain extent. Memory leaks occur when
unused objects are not reclaimed, while resource leaks occur when
finite system resources, such as files, sockets, and threads, are not
explicitly released in time.
A defect repository helps to design and validate resource leak
detection, location, and repair tools. Additionally, real-world defects
can provide more insights and encourage researchers to resolve
practical problems. It can also be used to test existing algorithms
and define future improvements. However, resource leaks collected
from the real world are scarce. Generally, a large data set can be
automatically generated, such as SIR [16], according to known
causes and patterns. However they are usually simple in pattern,
excluding unknown patterns resulting from new language features.
The manually crafted defects are mostly invented and can be quite
different from the real-world samples.

===== PAGE 3 =====
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal Tianyang Liu and Weixing Ji, et al.
It is a challenging task to collect real-world defects from open-
source projects. ClabureDB [47] includes 7 memory leaks and 13
resource leaks from the Linux kernel. Machida et al. [34] investi-
gated 5 open-source Java projects related to cloud computing and
found 55 leaks. The authors of [38] found 62 resource leaks from
Tomcat. Ghanavati et al. [19] collected 238 memory leaks and 253
resource leaks from 15 open-source Java projects. It is one of the
largest resource leak repositories built from the real world. Though
several existing repositories are available, several important issues
should be addressed for widespread use. First, the number of high-
quality leaks from real projects is too small to build models using
machine learning approaches. Second, a significant amount of code
duplication is observed in existing repositories due to the limited
number of projects investigated. Third, the availability of some
repositories decreases over time. For instance, some of the links to
bug reports are currently unavailable.
In this paper, we present a resource leak repository collected from
real-world projects on GitHub. We find high-quality Java projects
with predefined rules and patterns. To ensure the accuracy of the
resource leak repository, we conduct a two-round manual cross-
validation. In addition, we automatically compile some projects that
contain resource leaks to generate bytecode files for ease of use.
Based on this, we report a high-quality resource leak repository
JLeaks, labeled with extensive detail after round-by-round filtering
and cross-validation. To the best of our knowledge, JLeaks is the
largest and most informative resource leak repository so far. One
of the key strengths of JLeaks is its high availability, providing
researchers with not only GitHub commit links but also source
files, patches, and other relevant information. JLeaks contains sig-
nificantly fewer defects of duplicate code compared with other
repositories. The main contributions of this paper include:
• We introduced a semi-automated workflow designed to ex-
tract real-world resource leaks from GitHub. Our approach
aimed to reduce labor costs by applying filters, including
keywords, and automatic compilation.
• We built JLeaks, a public repository available on GitHub,
which contains 1,094 resource leaks from 321 open-source
projects. JLeaks is built after multiple rounds of filtering
and validation from more than 3,185 commits. Each defect
is well-labeled in detail, including the defect code, patches,
key variables, and location, providing convenience for defect
code analysis, automatic testing, and tool evaluation.
• We compared JLeaks with DroidLeaks [33] and Leak19 [19]
regrarding data informativeness, diversity, and quality. The
results show that JLeaks is more informative with high avail-
ability, uniqueness, and consistency. Furthermore, we used
JLeaks to evaluate some existing tools and subsequently sum-
marized the strengths and limitations of each tool.
The remainder of the paper is organized as follows. In Section
2, we systematically investigate the resource management system
of files, sockets, and threads in Java programming language. We
describe the workflow of defect extraction from GitHub in Section
3. Based on this, we analyze resource leaks and present the results
in Section 4. The application is presented in Section 5. Section
6 discusses our findings, and threats to validity are discussed in
Section 7. Section 8 overviews the relevant literature, and Section 9
concludes this paper.
2 BACKGROUND
In Java, both memory and resources should be released timely for
their limited availability. The garbage collector (GC) only frees data
objects in memory, not system resources held by these objects, and
some programmers mistakenly assume that both will be recycled by
GC [46]. we summarize the resource usage models for file, socket,
and thread to understand how system resources are allocated and
released using existing APIs.
2.1 File and Resource Leak
In Java, file handles, generally associated with Java instances, are
one of the most common resources managed by the operating
system. There are varied Java streams for opening files and read-
ing/writing data, which are associated with FileDescriptor instances
directly or indirectly. Figure 1 provides an example using input
in java.io to illustrate the relationship among streams in open and
close operations, wherein xxxInputStream refers to byte streams and
xxxReader represents character streams. As the primary stream in
java.io, FileInputStream is directly associated with the FileDescriptor
instance. Other streams wrap FileInputStream in one of their fields
as their data source, transforming the data or providing additional
functionality. FileReader, FileInputStream and RandomAccessFile are
three entry classes that operate directly on the opening and closing
of file handles (FileDescriptor ). Especially, FilterInputStream [37]
wraps some other input streams to provide additional functionality,
using the wrapped-in instances as its basic data source and trans-
forms the data along the way. Subclass of FilterInputStream can
provide additional methods and fields. FilterReader also operates in
this manner. The dotted lines in Figure 1 indicate that these two
classes are directly related, but the internal logic follows solid lines.
The code snippet in Figure 2 is extracted fromPhoenicisOrg/phoeni-
cis and labeled using the model in Figure 1. If there are no exceptions,
the stream is nested along FileOutputStream-BufferedOutputStream
and closed layer by layer after line 3 (represented as close ➀ and
close ➁ in Figure 2). However, if an exception is thrown in line 1,
line 2, or line 3, the resource will not be properly closed.
2.2 Socket and Resource Leak
When programmers initialize a Socket object, the operating system
creates a Socket and attaches its handle to a FileDescriptor instance.
SocketInputStream, a subclass of FileInputStream, is returned by the
method getInputStream() of class Socket. Both Socket and Socket-
InputStream can release socket resources.
The connections based on Socket include network connection,
database connection, etc. Similar to closing file resources, not all
classes can release the connections. For instance,sun.net.www.proto-
col.http.HttpURLConnection serves as an example in Figure 1. It
indirectly calls getInputStream() in Socket to get a wrapped Socket-
InputStream object, which is used for receiving data in the network.
The same applies to some InputStream, which uses SocketInput-
Stream as a field. Therefore, these classes are capable of releasing
socket resources. In particular, if the connection is to be kept alive,
KeepAliveStream, which cannot close the inner stream including

===== PAGE 4 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
Figure 1: Relationship of classes related to I/O streams and sockets.
Figure 2: A file resource leak from PhoenicisOrg/phoenicis.
socket resources, will be wrapped. Consequently, calling close() on
KeepAliveStream will not release the socket resources. Note that
only one of the paths can be selected between path {MeteredStream,
... - KeepAliveStream-SocketInputStream} and path {MeteredStream,
... - SocketInputStream}.
2.3 Thread and Resource Leak
In an operating system, threads are a limited and precious resource.
If too many threads are created and not destroyed entirely in time,
it may eventually lead to resource leaks. There are two categories
of thread leaks:
Unclosed and unused threads. If a thread remains active but
is no longer in use, it can cause a leak in the system.
Unclosed thread pool. A thread pool makes threads reusable,
but GC cannot automatically recycle them. Therefore, programmers
need to destroy the thread pool explicitly.
Figure 3: The workflow of building JLeaks.
Table 1: Rules for filtering projects and commits
Rules
for project K
eywords for commits
Message Co
de
#
of commits > 20 leak close
#
of issues > 20 leakage stop
#
of contributors > 10 close shutdo
wn
# of releases > 0 close
d tr
y(*)
# of stars > 500 r
elease CloseUtil
duration
> 50 weeks r
esource -
3 APPROACH
Figure 3 shows our workflow, which has three steps: collecting, an-
notating, and compiling. Using this workflow, we created JLeaks, a
publicly accessible repository of resource leaks, hosted on GitHub1.
Collecting. GitHub is a well-known and popular version control
system for open-source projects. Each commit on GitHub typically
includes a message and a diff code. A commit message, written by
programmers, describes the purpose or intention of this commit. A
diff code shows the difference in code before and after the commit.
The code starting with the "+" symbol denotes fix code, while the
code starting with the "-" symbol is defect code.
First, we select suitable projects from GitHub. It is essential to
filter out unsuitable projects to ensure accurate analysis and reliable
results [5, 27, 39]. According to the findings in [2], we select projects
based on the rules specified in the first column of Table 1.
Second, we perform two major steps to analyze commits. Based
on [19] and [33], we filter commit messages using keywords shown
in the second column of Table 1. Based on Section 2 and [33], we
then formulate some keywords for code as shown in the third
column of Table 1. If either the fix code or the defect code contains
any of the words listed in the third column of Table 1, this commit
likely fixes a resource leak.
Finally, we remove irrelevant and non-Java source files, commits
caused by git-merge operations, and meaningless data in test cases.
Annotating. We carefully inspect each commit by analyzing
the commit messages and the diff code to reduce false positives.
This process is done manually using cross-validation.
Five experienced Java developers from the industry were em-
ployed to annotate the commits. All of them have been using Java
for at least 8 years. Afterward, three students carefully examined
1https://github.com/Dcollectors/JLeaks

===== PAGE 5 =====
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal Tianyang Liu and Weixing Ji, et al.
Table 2: Cohen’s Kappa metric.
Dimension Cohen’s
Kappa
r
esource leak 0.88
r
esource type 0.74
r
oot cause 0.74
fix
approach 0.92
the data. If there are any conflicts, we hold joint discussions. It
is important to mention that we used at least two developers to
annotate each defect case, ensuring accuracy and consistency. In to-
tal, we collected 1,094 <𝑑𝑒 𝑓 𝑒𝑐𝑡, 𝑝𝑎𝑡𝑐ℎ > pairs from 321 open-source
projects.
We compute the consistency of two-round annotation using
Cohen’s Kappa metric [10, 15], as shown in Table 2. It shows an
“almost perfect agreement” on whether the commit is fixing a re-
source leak, and fix approaches. The Cohen’s Kappa of resource
types and root causes are relatively low. This is because it can be
challenging to determine the resource type when it is wrapped
in multiple layers, and complex code structures always influence
checking out root causes. A consensus has been reached through
in-depth analysis and discussions of conflicting cases.
Compiling. Though source code defect detection has been ex-
plored extensively, a number of popular defect detection tools rely
primarily on bytecode files, such as SpotBugs [48] and Infer [17].
This is because source code may be incomplete or unavailable in
practice. We provide the minimum and complete source files for
each defect in JLeaks and try our best to compile these source files
(where possible) to generate bytecode to improve the usability of
our repository.
First, we compile all open-source projects with default config-
urations and building tool chains. However, automatically down-
loading all the dependencies for outdated projects (with outdated
dependencies) is challenging, and only 86 project versions were
successfully complied by default. Second, for defect files, we build
an automatic and iterative wrapper of building tools to enumerate
remote maven repositories and fix partial package missing errors
by package generation and interposition. Finally, 254 defects were
packed with both source files and their bytecode files.
JLeaks, a resource leak repository, supports research of defect-
related algorithms by providing project information, defect informa-
tion, code characteristics, and file information. Project information
covers project details (name, summary, timestamps), maintainability
metrics (commits, releases, contributors, pull requests), and pop-
ularity metrics (stars, issues, forks). Defect information includes
commit URLs, code line ranges, defect methods, modified lines, re-
source types, root causes, and fix approaches. Additionally, JLeaks
captures code characteristics such as the standard and third-party
libraries, whether the defect is inter-procedural, and key variable
attributes. Researchers also have access to file information, includ-
ing hash values and URLs for defect and non-defect files, the defect
and non-defect source files, some bytecode files, and the defect or
non-defect methods files. This allows hands-on exploration and
experimentation, empowering researchers to develop advanced
defect-related algorithms.
4 REPOSITORY ANALYSIS
4.1 Research Questions
In this section, we study all the resource leaks and present the
multi-dimensional analysis by answering the following questions:
RQ1 (Defects Distribution): What is the distribution of defects?
RQ2 (Root Causes): What is the root cause of each defect? What
are the common causes of defects?
RQ3 (Fix Approaches): How do programmers fix resource leaks?
Are there some common repair patterns?
RQ4 (Patch Correctness): Do these patches correctly fix the
leaks?
RQ5 (Repository Comparison): What are the advantages of
JLeaks compared with other resource leak repositories re-
garding informativeness, diversity, and quality?
Research question RQ1 addresses the overall distribution of se-
lected projects and defects in JLeaks. To prove that our selected
projects are well-maintained and popular, we draw the distribution
of projects from the aspects of commits, duration, stars, issues, and
releases. We also calculate the proportion of different resources
and interprocedural defects to aid in the design of defect detec-
tion tools. Furthermore, we count the number of standard and
third-party libraries in resource leaks and hope developers can pay
special attention when using these libraries. Research question RQ2
delves into understanding the root causes of resource leaks. By
answering RQ2, we discover the common root causes for different
resources, which is essential for detecting resource leaks in open-
source projects. Research question RQ3 investigates the appropriate
patches for different resources and defect causes, aiding in patch
generation. Research question RQ4 explores the correctness of the
fix approaches. We summarize common incorrect patterns to avoid
reintroducing resource leaks during patch generation. Research
question RQ5 compares JLeaks with two resource leak repositories
regarding informativeness, diversity, and quality. It helps to select
suitable resource leak repositories for different research purposes.
4.2 RQ1: Defects Distribution
In this section, we present the distribution of selected projects, and
the distribution of collected defects.
In this work, 1,094 resource leaks were collected from 321 projects,
including 869 different project versions. Figure 4 shows the features
of the 321 projects and it can be observed that these projects are
well-maintained. They have a median maintenance duration of 458
weeks. Most of them are active and under development, with a
median of 4,814 commits and 133 issues. These projects are popular
as their average stars are 5,067, and half have over 1,822 stars. The
median of releases is 35 and the selected project contains at least
one release.
JLeaks includes all types of system resources mentioned in Sec-
tion 2, including 797(73%) file leaks, 279(26%) socket leaks, and
18(2%) thread leaks. Although the number of sockets and threads is
relatively small, they are highly valuable due to their lower usage
frequency and stronger invisibility. A surprising finding is that
the majority of resource leaks are not interprocedural. Specifically,
the instance that wraps with system resources does not propagate
to other methods within the project. Consequently, resource leak

===== PAGE 6 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
Figure 4: Features of selected projects.
Figure 5: Top ranked libraries of resource leaks in JLeaks.
detection tools may yield improved detection results at the method
level.
Investigating the standard Java and third-party libraries used in
resource leaks is extremely necessary. It can guide future research
on defect detection and remind programmers to be cautious when
using these libraries. Figure 5 lists the top-5 standard Java classes
and the top-5 third-party packages in JLeaks. Only the first three
layers of package names are displayed for third party libraries. File
handles wrapped in java.io.InputStream and java.io.BufferedReader
are most likely to leak in standard Java libraries. The reason is
that they are the most frequently used class for reading files. As
mentioned in Section 2.1, java.io.InputStream is a basic stream,
and java.io.BufferedReader simplifies file reading and writing. Pro-
grammers should pay more attention to org.apache.hadoop, an-
droid.database.Cursor, and org.apache.lucene, as they are top-ranked
in third-party libraries.
Table 3: The root causes of resource leaks.
Short
Causes Description # defects
C1
noCloseEPath No close on exception paths 701
C2 noCloseRPath No close on regular paths 375
C3 notProClose Not provided close() 11
C4 noCloseCPath No close for all branches paths 7
4.3 RQ2: Root Cause Analysis
This section aims to categorize the root causes of resource leaks.
From a scope perspective, they can be classified into three cate-
gories: intra-procedure, inter-procedure, and inter-library. If a class
has a field that holds a resource, but the class itself does not provide
a method to close the resource, it can potentially cause a resource
leak. This situation (notProClose) can also be an inter-library de-
fect. From a code structure perspective, we can identify the root
causes of three types of defects, i.e., “No close on exception paths
(noCloseEPath)”, “No close on regular paths (noCloseRPath)”, and
“No close for all branches paths (noCloseCPath)”. We can get the
location (cl) where the resource should be closed based on the patch
provided by the programmer. If there is no close() for the resource
in the corresponding method of the defect file, the root cause is
noCloseRPath. Otherwise, we start a backward analysis from cl and
identify the smallest code block containing cl to determine the de-
fect’s root cause. If the code block is a “catch” or “finally”, the root
cause is classified as noCloseEPath. If the code block is an “if” or
“else”, the root cause isnoCloseCPath. Table 3 shows the proportion
of these four root causes of defects in JLeaks. A heat map on the
left of Figure 6 illustrates the relationship between resource types
and root causes. Next, we show a detailed description and analysis
of each cause.
No close on exception paths. Exceptions are unavoidable dur-
ing program execution and should be captured to release resources.
About 64% of resource leaks are caused bynoCloseEPath. The propor-
tion for this cause in file, socket, and thread are 65%, 62%, and 44%
respectively. Listing 1 shows a code fragment from “antlr/antlr4”, a
famous and powerful parser generator. The resource cannot be re-
leased if an exception is thrown in w.write(context). In addition, the
try-with-resources introduced in JDK 1.7 provides a concise way to
release resources automatically. However, its improper use by pro-
grammers can lead to new resource leaks, especially in wrapping op-
erations. In Listing 2, new FileInputStream(getOutputFile(extension))
cannot be closed if new TarArchiveInputStream() fails to close.
No close on regular paths. “Regular path” refers to the se-
quential execution path from allocating a resource to the end of its
use or method exit. noCloseRPath means that there is no operation
to release the resource in regular paths. About 34% of the studied
resource leaks are caused by noCloseRPath. In Figure 6, we can see
that the proportion of this cause in file, socket, and thread are 33%,
37%, and 44% respectively, which indicates that noCloseRPath is a
common cause of resource leaks. Besides forgetting to call close()
for resource objects created explicitly, developers often overlook
the need to close anonymous resource objects.
Not provided close(). In this case, member variables in a class
hold resources after initialization or configuration setting, but an
error method or no method is provided to close these resources.
This lack ofclose() can result in potential resource leaks, particularly
when other programs or classes invoke the class.
No close for all branches paths. The taken branch of condi-
tional statements is decided at run-time, and any given branches
can be selected. Resource should be released on all paths if no deal-
location is performed after the branch converges. We collected 7
resource leaks caused by noCloseCPath. Listing 3 shows an exam-
ple in “apache/zookeeper”, a distributed configuration service for
large-scale distributed computing that has over 10k stars. In this
example, cnxn holds the resource and should be closed, regardless
of whether LOG.isDebugEnabled() is true or false. However, it fails
to close the resource held by cnxn if LOG.isDebugEnabled() is false.

===== PAGE 7 =====
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal Tianyang Liu and Weixing Ji, et al.
Listing 1: An example of noCloseEPath from “antlr/antlr4”.
/∗ version : ba6c711e85a6d8c3e287d39b3ee5c99ee77df747 ∗/
public static void writeFile ( String fileName, String content)
throws IOException {
FileWriter fw = new FileWriter(fileName );
Writer w = new BufferedWriter(fw);
w.write(content );
w.close ();}
Listing 2: An example of noCloseEPath from “opensearch-
project/OpenSearch”.
/∗ version :110 cef7882863cd3762631ec5f975e15f433dfc07 ∗/
try (TarArchiveInputStream tar = new TarArchiveInputStream(
wrapper.apply(new FileInputStream( getOutputFile ( extension ))))) {...}
Listing 3: An example of noCloseCPath from “apache/-
zookeeper”.
/∗ version : d8adc547f9856747905b7d46450f13fa98df147f ∗/
if (cnxn != null) {
if (LOG.isDebugEnabled()) {
LOG.debug("Closing " + cnxn);
cnxn. close ();}}
4.4 RQ3: Fix Approaches
Each commit message in GitHub contains the buggy code and its
patch. Based on these patches, we summarize the approaches to fix
resource leaks into five strategies, as listed in Table 4.
Table 4: Fix approaches for resource leak.
Short
Fix Approaches Description # defects
F1
try-with Use try-with-resources 498
F2 CloseInFinally Close in finally 431
F3 CloseOnEPath Close on exception paths 100
F4 CloseOnRPath Close on regular paths 53
F5 AoRClose Add or rewrite close 12
Use try-with-resources. try-with-resources is a syntactic sugar
introduced in JDK 1.7, which automatically closes resource in a
method without the need of finally. The AutoCloseable interface
must be implemented for resources that can be closed with try-
with-resources. As it is simple to use, try-with-resources is the most
popular way of fixing resource leaks, accounting for nearly 46% of
the total.
Close in finally. To ensure that resources can be closed regard-
less of whether an exception occurs, programmers placeclose() into
the finally block. As the code infinally is guaranteed to be executed,
this approach is a prevalent choice among programmers to close
resources. CloseInFinally is ranked second, accounting for nearly
39% of the total.
Close on exception paths. To avoid the possibility of resource
closing failure in the event of an exception being thrown, program-
mers frequently surround resource operations with try-catch. This
approach has been used to fix 100 defects in JLeaks.
Close on regular paths. In this case, programmers addclose() to
the regular path defined in Section 4.3. This approach accounts for
5% of the fix approaches we have studied. However, this is unsafe
as exceptions may be thrown before the close statement.
Add or rewrite close method. This fix approach rewrite close()
for the causes of notProClose.
The right of Figure 6 is a heat map illustrating the relationship
between resource types and fix approaches, and Figure 7 investi-
gates the impact of root causes on the patches, from which we get
the following observations. First, try-with and CloseInFianlly are
the most commonly employed fix approaches for file and socket
resources. This may be because using try-with-resources and finally
are the two most straightforward approaches to guaranteeing that
resources are correctly closed. For thread,CloseOnEPath is the most
frequently utilized because thread leak rarely occurs and most pro-
grammers believe that thread destruction on the regular path is
safe. Second, despite the root cause being noCloseRPath, some pro-
grammers directly call close() into the regular path. CloseOnEPath is
unsuitable for the defects caused by notProClose and noCloseCPath.
4.5 RQ4: Patch Correctness
An appropriate patch should be capable of preventing the recur-
rence of resource leaks. Nevertheless, patches submitted by pro-
grammers may not operate as intended. Ensuring the absence of
vulnerabilities is challenging [11–13]. Therefore, assuming that the
patched code is defect-free is not reliable. By analyzing the col-
lected resource leaks and their patches, and following the models
given in Section 2, we summarize three incomplete repair patterns
in Figure 8. Based on these patterns, we find that 67 patches still
have potential resource leaks, accounting for 6%. These unsafe and
incomplete patches are also confirmed by experienced developers
from the industry.
Figure 6: Relationship between resources type, causes, and
fix approaches.
Figure 7: Relationship between root causes and fix ap-
proaches.
The most common unsafe fix approach directly callsclose() on the
regular path, unaware of exceptions. As shown in Figure 8 (a), the

===== PAGE 8 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
Figure 8: Examples of three incomplete repair patterns.
resources held by obj cannot be released if an exception is thrown
before the execution reaches obj.close(), leading to a potential re-
source leak. Another unsafe fix approach is observed when multiple
resources need to close simultaneously. In such cases, failure to
close the previous resources can also result in failure to close the
subsequent resources. As shown in Figure 8 (b), if an exception is
thrown in obj1.close(), the resource held by obj2 cannot be released.
As illustrated in Figure 8 (c), it is common to create nested objects.
However, callingclose() on the outermost object may not ensure the
release of the inner resources. Althoughtry-with-resources is helpful
for automatically closing the resources, it is important to note that
if an exception occurs during the closing of the outer resources, the
inner resources may not be properly closed. As shown in Figure 8
(c), the resources held by anonymous variablesnew Type1() and new
Type2() cannot be released if an exception is thrown in obj.close(),
leading to a resource leak.
4.6 RQ5: Repository Comparison
This section compares JLeaks with two well-known repositories
DroidLeaks [33] and Leak19 [19] on their informativeness and com-
pleteness, diversity and overlap, and quality. Other defect reposi-
tories, e.g, Defects4j [26] and Bears [35], contain different defects
with few resource leaks, making them unsuitable for comparative
experiments with JLeaks.
Informativeness & Completeness. Table 5 compares informa-
tiveness and completeness, in which a circle indicates that the
annotated items provided by the original repository are not very
accurate and precise. For example, DroidLeaks only shows method
names for defect locations instead of line numbers. The precise
location is advantageous in evaluating defect detection tools and
algorithms. The resource type (file, socket, thread) is also not spec-
ified in DroidLeaks, prompting us to manually annotate all the
records in DroidLeaks for detailed comparison with JLeaks. For
source files and patches, DroidLeaks provides only links. Similarly,
Leak19 also offers links exclusively for patches.
DroidLeaks provides links to fix revisions, buggy revisions, buggy
methods, the concerned classes, defect file name, and leak extent
for each record. Among 298 defects, 6 are already unavailable from
the Internet for website update or migration. Leak19 is built based
on issues from Bugzilla, JIRA, and GitHub. Only links to bug or
issue reports are provided. To prevent these resources from becom-
ing inaccessible, JLeaks provides source code for all defects, and
bytecode files for some defects. This facilitates the evaluation of
existing tools and algorithms, as extracting the code of defects from
these large projects and compiling them into bytecode are also very
time-consuming and laborious tasks.
All three repositories conduct an empirical study, which aids in
defect detection, patch generation, and defect interpretability. They
explore the root causes of resource leaks, with JLeaks and Leak19
additionally presenting the fix approaches for these defects. Leak19
and JLeaks give the specific analysis results for each data case, while
DroidLeaks creates a website to provide public access. Additionally,
JLeaks offers defect method names, accompanied by their start
and end line numbers, to support the precise benchmarking defect-
detecting tools and algorithms. JLeaks also provides locations and
attributes of resource variables, which serve as a baseline for defect
localization studies. In comparison, JLeaks provides richer defect-
related information.
Diversity & Overlap. These three resource leak repositories
differ in project and defect selection, and data distribution. Droi-
dLeaks has 298 resource leaks collected from 32 Android projects
hosted on GitHub, and Leak19 has 253 resource leaks collected
from 15 large projects hosted on GitHub, Bugzilla, and JIRA. Droi-
dLeaks defines four criteria to select projects: popular, traceable,
actively-maintained, and large-scale. Leak19 selects 15 large-scale,
well-established, and well-developed applications. The projects in
JLeaks are selected using the rules shown in Table 1. The proportion
of different resources in these three repositories exhibits significant
variation, as shown in Table 6. DroidLeaks predominantly com-
prises of sockets and files, accounting for 62% and 37%, respectively,
while there are 2 thread leaks. This trend can be attributed to the na-
ture of Android projects. Leak19 contains 73 thread-related defects,
making it the repository with the most thread cases among these
three. JLeaks has the most file and socket cases, with 797 and 279
respectively. It is interesting to note that the three repositories have
individual characteristics, and complement each other. Combining
these repositories enables better benchmarking of defect detection
tools and algorithms.
It is important to explore the overlap among JLeaks, DroidLeaks,
and Leak19. A Venn diagram illustrating the relationship among
three repositories is shown in Figure 9, in which Figure 9 (a) displays
the overlap of projects and Figure 9 (b) presents the overlap of
defects. Overall, there is less overlap between the three repositories.
This is because different filter rules are applied in project defects
selection.
An extended question is why JLeaks involves so many projects.
Both DroidLeaks and Leak19 collected several resource leaks from
a small group of projects. On average, DroidLeaks has 9 resource
leaks per project, while Leak19 has 17 resource leaks per project.
However, on average, there are only 3 resource leaks per project in
JLeaks. To clarify the underlying reasons, we perform code clone de-
tection on defect code extracted from top-5 projects in DroidLeaks
using Allamanis [3]. Since no source files are included in the repos-
itory, Leak19 is not tested for clone detection. However, we inspect
the records in Leak19 one by one in the overlapped projects. The

===== PAGE 9 =====
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal Tianyang Liu and Weixing Ji, et al.
Table 5: Informativeness & completeness comparison.
Rep
ository Pr
oject T
ype Link Lo
cation Ro
ot cause Sour
ce files Byte
code Patch Patch
correctness
Dr
oidLeaks ✓ × ✓ ◦ ✓ ◦ ✓ ◦ ×
Leak19 ✓ ✓ ✓ × ✓ × × ◦ ×
JLeaks ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓
results show that both DroidLeaks and Leak19 contain many simi-
lar records. Usually, these records are submitted by developers to
fix similar resource leaks at different locations of the same project.
For example, in DroidLeaks, the methods “getInt”, “getFloat”, and
“getBool” comes from the same file in “AnkiDroid” are very similar.
JLeaks removes similar code blocks in the manual annotation. As a
result, the number of overlapped defects is also reduced.
Table 7 presents the top-5 projects with the most defects in differ-
ent repositories. DroidLeaks, Leak19, and JLeaks contain numerous
resource leaks in some large-scale projects. The number of defects
collected from the same projectHBase in JLeaks is much larger than
that in Leak19. After in-depth analysis, we found that there are 14
defects included in both Leak19 and JLeaks. Among the 28 defects
included only in JLeaks, 18 defects are committed to the codebase
after the date when Leak19 was built, and others are missed by
Leak19 for it only uses the keyword “Leak" in the filter stage. We
have reached the conclusion that a considerable portion of resource
leaks in JLeaks are also collected from a limited number of projects.
Comparatively, JLeaks covers a wide range of projects that are
active and popular in practice.
Table 6: Distribution of resource types in three repositories.
Rep
ository #
file # socket # thread
Dr
oidLeaks 108 182 2
Leak19 129
51 73
JLeaks 797
279 18
Figure 9: Overlap between JLeaks, DroidLeaks, and Leak19.
Quality. Based on [12] and the standardized data quality frame-
work ISO/IEC 25012[1], we outline three data quality attributes:
uniqueness, consistency, and currentness. It is important to note
that Leak19 does not provide source files at the method level, thus
limiting the evaluation to DroidLeaks and JLeaks. We have em-
ployed Allamanis [3], a code cloning detection tool, for uniqueness
and consistency. Syntactic cloning consists of three types:
Type-1: The code remains identical after eliminating spaces,
blank lines, and comments.
Type-2: The code is identical, except for identifier names.
Table 7: Top-5 projects with the most defects in repositories.
Rep
ository Pr
oject # defects # stars # issues # commit
Dr
oidLeaks
ChatSe
cure 31 1,075 164 2,909
K
-9 Mail 31 8,133 672 12,638
W
ordpress 29 2,803 945 76,025
AnkiDr
oid 28 6,665 437 17,652
Quran
19 1,735 272 3,650
Leak19
hado
op 76 13,676 838 26,767
hbase
29 4,918 180 4,918
activ
emq 26 2,169 39 11,446
hiv
e 25 4,915 94 16,867
cassandra
16 8,101 312 25,598
JLeaks
hbase
42 4,918 180 4,918
jenkins
34 20,999 72 33,906
lucene
31 1,781 2,097 36,573
alluxio
29 6,274 857 34,034
dragonw
ell8 27 3,943 117 91,027
Figure 10: Overlap of defect detection results between PMD,
SpotBugs, and Infer.
Type-3: The code remains similar, despite a few statements that
are added, deleted, or modified.
Uniqueness of the data within a repository is beneficial for re-
searching defect-related algorithms, such as training defect detec-
tion models [3, 12]. To evaluate the uniqueness, we focus on the
methods with defects and extract these methods based on method
names from DroidLeaks and the method boundaries from JLeaks.
Due to invalid links and unmatched method names provided by
DroidLeaks, we identified only 276 defect methods from DroidLeaks
and 1,094 defect methods from JLeaks. Allamanis is applied to detect
Type-3 clones among these defect methods. A uniqueness score is
yielded with 𝑢𝑛𝑖𝑞𝑢𝑒𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 = 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑢𝑚 −𝑑𝑁𝑢𝑚
𝑎
𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑢𝑚 × 100%, where 𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑁𝑢𝑚 is
the total number of defect methods and 𝑑𝑁𝑢𝑚 denotes the number
of the identified duplicate methods.
Consistency is employed as a measure to evaluate whether there
are conflicting annotations. In theory, similar code fragments should
have consistent labels. If the fix code and the defect code are identi-
fied as a pair of Type-1 level clone code, it indicates the presence
of inconsistent labels in the repository. We only consider Type-1
in consistency evaluation, because slight functional changes can

===== PAGE 10 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
result in variations in functionality between the defect code and
the fix code [12]. For consistency, we apply Allamanis to identify
methods between defect and fix methods. We assess the consistency
using 𝑐𝑜𝑛𝑠𝑖𝑠𝑡𝑒𝑛𝑐𝑦 = 𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑢𝑚 −𝑐𝑁𝑢𝑚
𝑎𝑙𝑙 𝑁𝑢𝑚 × 100%, where 𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑁𝑢𝑚 denotes
the total number of defect methods, and𝑐𝑁𝑢𝑚 represents the count
of defects that duplicate the fix methods.
Currentness aims to ensure that the repository has the same
temporal characteristics as its application context [12]. After sorting
by defect introduction time, we denoted the original and current
data as the oldest and newest half of JLeaks. A currentness score
is yielded with
𝑐𝑢𝑟𝑟𝑒𝑛𝑡𝑛𝑒𝑠𝑠 = (1 − 𝐽 ) × 100%, where 𝐽 is Jenson-
Shannon divergence, a measure matric for the statistical distance
of the original and current data.
Eventually, JLeaks achieves a uniqueness score of 88%, a consis-
tency score of 93%, and a currentness score of 77%. DroidLeaks sores
64% for uniqueness, 71% for consistency and 73% for currentness.
Compared with DroidLeaks, JLeaks exhibits higher uniqueness,
consistency and currentness. This can be attributed to the manual
labeling process, during which some duplicate defects were filtered
out. Additionally, the currentness of both JLeaks and DroidLeaks
are relatively low. In general, it is practical to include specific out-
dated projects. Resource leaks are only triggered when resource
allocation accumulates to a certain extent, leading to extended re-
pair times. As a result, a limited number of resource leaks were
collected in new versions. We focused on well-known projects with
widespread and extensive usage, enhancing the chances of uncov-
ering defects. Furthermore, many significant but outdated projects
are still in operation and maintenance, urgently requiring defect
detection and repair approaches.
5 APPLICATION
5.1 Evaluation of Defect Detection Tools
We evaluated three open-source defect detection tools (PMD [40],
Infer [17], and SpotBugs [48]) using JLeaks. PMD is a source code
analyzer that can find common programming defects. SpotBugs is
a program that uses static analysis to look for bugs in Java. It can
find many types of resource leaks, including “Method may fail to
close stream(OS_OPEN_STREAM)” and “Method may fail to close
stream on exception(OS_OPEN_STREAM_EXCEPTION_PATH)”.
Infer commonly reports the “exceptions skipping past close() state-
ments” issue for resource leaks in Java. In the experiment, PMD
detects source code files containing 1,094 defects, SpotBugs ana-
lyzes bytecode files with 254 defects, and Infer operates on fully
compiled projects with 76 defects. The difference in input number
between Infer and SpotBugs is that some projects may not be fully
compiled, yet bytecode files with defects have already been gener-
ated. Upon completing detections, we check whether the resource
leak defect is correctly detected in the method. We are able to ex-
tend the inspection granularity to the method level, thanks to the
precise tagging of defect methods in JLeaks.
Table 8 presents the evaluation results of PMD, SpotBugs, and
Infer. Figure 10 displays the Venn graph of their detection results.
We observe a higher accuracy for PMD and a lower accuracy for
Infer. After statistical analysis, we discovered that these tools have
limitations in detecting resource leaks caused by third-party li-
braries, threads, noCloseCPath, and notProClose. For cases where
PMD failed, the proportion of resource variable types related to
third-party libraries is up to 358/607=59.0%, as the source code of
third-party libraries is not included. Surprisingly, the accuracy of
SpotBugs is only 23.2% and it fails to report all the defects caused by
noCloseCPath or notProClose. Among the methods successfully de-
tected, 59/59=100% use standard libraries, indicating that SpotBugs
also has difficulty in identifying resource leaks from third-party
libraries. The accuracy of Infer is only 11.8% and falls into 1/16=6.3%
when the defects are related to third-party libraries.
5.2 Evaluation of GPT-3.5
LLM (Large Language Model) undergoes pre-training on vast amounts
of source code and natural language data, giving it a remarkable
ability to understand code structure and generate code [51]. Conse-
quently, LLMs have been increasingly applied to software engineer-
ing, such as code defect detection [9], program repair [14, 22, 55],
and code generation [7, 8, 18, 28, 36]. Both GPT-3.5 and GPT-4 mod-
els can perform classification tasks without any additional training
[20]. However, it should be noted that when GPT-3.5 performs bi-
nary defect detection tasks on real-world datasets, its accuracy is
only 51% [9]. Therefore, we evaluate GPT-3.5 only for its capability
to commits classification and resource leak detection.
Commits Classification. We assume that ChatGPT can be used
to help with the preliminary filtering of commits. We randomly
select 100 commits as the test set, in which there are 63 cases that
have nothing to do with system resources.
We measure the capability of GPT-3.5 using accuracy 𝐴𝑐𝑐 =
𝑇 𝑃+𝑇 𝑁
𝑇 𝑃+𝑇 𝑁 +𝑇 𝑁 +𝐹 𝑁 , false-positive rate𝐹 𝑃𝑅 = 𝐹 𝑃
𝐹 𝑃+𝑇 𝑁 , and false-negative
rate 𝐹 𝑁 𝑅 = 𝐹 𝑁
𝑇 𝑃+𝐹 𝑁 . In the experiment, we employed a comprehen-
sive prompt. This prompt, which meets the Prompt Engineering
Guide [
45], is mainly comprises of various elements, including a
task description, resource explanation, typical scenario illustration,
sample code fragments, and the expected output. In general, for
GPT-3.5, the more examples in the prompt, the better its detection
performance [6, 28]. Therefore, We conducted experiments using
varying numbers of randomly selected examples from JLeaks, rang-
ing from 0 to 15. Figure 11 displays the trends of 𝐴𝐶𝐶, 𝐹 𝑃𝑅, and
𝐹 𝑁 𝑅 with varying the number of examples. Concerning defects
extraction, a higher 𝐹 𝑁 𝑅 indicates a higher probability of miss-
ing defects, while a higher 𝐹 𝑃𝑅 indicates that the manual effort
increase. We observe that GPT-3.5 performs best when no examples
are provided, as it is challenging to list all the resource-related code
examples, and providing a limited number of examples can easily
introduce bias into GPT-3.5’s results.
Table 8: Defects detection results of PMD, SpotBugs, and
Infer.
T
ools #
Defects TP Accuracy
PMD 1,094
487 44.5%
SpotBugs 254
59 23.2%
Infer 76
9 11.8%
Table 9: Evaluation results of GPT-3.5 defect detection.
Co
de #
Tests TP TN Uncertain Accuracy
defe
cts 299
45 - 31 15%
non-defects 299
- 257 30 86%

===== PAGE 11 =====
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal Tianyang Liu and Weixing Ji, et al.
Figure 11: Commits classification results of GPT-3.5 with
different numbers of examples in prompt.
Defect Detection. We also evaluate the ability of GPT-3.5 to de-
tect resource leaks, using 299 defect cases and 299 non-defect cases
randomly selected from JLeaks. We submitted the code fragments
with defects and without defects to the GPT-3.5 respectively, and
obtained the results in JSON format. The prompt for this experi-
ment is also publicly available on GitHub, which mainly includes
task description and expected output.
The testing results are given in Table 9, in which TP refers to the
number of leak-related code fragments correctly identified as such,
TN corresponds to the number of non-resource-leak related codes
accurately identified as non-resource-leak related code fragments.
Unfortunately, GPT-3.5 does not work well and its accuracy is lim-
ited to 12.7% for code fragments with defects. However, it achieves
high accuracy for code fragments without defects. Interestingly,
GPT-3.5 responds with “Based on the provided code fragment, it
is not possible to determine with certainty whether there are any
resource leak defects. The code does not contain any explicit re-
source allocation or deallocation related to these resources” for 31
cases. After dedicated inspection, we found that these cases are all
about third-party libraries.
6 DISCUSSION
Based on our experience in building JLeaks, we have the following
suggestions to share:
First, both manual and automatic approaches are necessary to
extract more defects from open-source projects. A large and high-
quality resource leak repository is essential for academic research.
On the one side, a small-scale defect repository inadequately sup-
ports the design of machine learning-based tools. On the other
hand, tools and algorithms designed or tested on a low-quality
defect repository may not perform well when applied to indus-
trial projects. However, it is challenging to build a fully automated
toolchain from end to end. Even if the commit message contains
“resource leak”, etc., there is still irrelevant, duplicate, and mean-
ingless data. We collect 1,094 resource leaks from open-source
projects using a semi-automatic toolchain. Manual classification is
time-consuming, and costing us approximately 900 manhours to
annotate and verify JLeaks. JLeaks is currently the largest known
repository of resource leaks, in which each defect is annotated,
and both defect code fragments and patches are included. It is also
significant for subsequent research work such as defect pattern
analysis, defect detection, defect localization, and automatic defect
repair.
Second, technical training on coding style and software security
is essential after the kick-off meeting of projects. According to our
statistical results, most resource leak defects are not interprocedu-
ral. The large number of defects is due to the programmers’ lack
of awareness in preventing resource leaks. Therefore, before soft-
ware development, the programmers must undergo special training,
which is expected to reduce the occurrence of resource leaks in the
code significantly.
Third, automated compilation of open-source projects (includ-
ing historical versions) is challenging. Even with our best efforts,
only 86 project versions were compiled and the 254 bytecode files
corresponding to the defects were generated. We leave it as a future
work to experiment with more sophisticated approaches within the
framework.
Fourth, when designing and implementing defect detection tools,
there should be a greater focus on resources related to third-party li-
braries, specifically targeting intra-procedural resource leak checks.
We observed that most resource leaks are intra-procedural defects,
indicating that the locations for resource allocation and resource
release are in the same method. Furthermore, third-party libraries
wrap up system resources and offer interfaces for specific func-
tionalities. However, resource leaks related to these libraries are
frequently overlooked during defect detection, leading to a high
rate of false negatives.
7 THREATS TO V ALIDITY
Some particular resource leaks are not included in JLeaks, such as
the defect in test cases. We found about 34% of the 7,483 prelimi-
nary filtered leaks in test cases. The primary purpose of the test
cases is to validate the application’s functionality, ensuring that the
application operates as intended. Additionally, test cases, which are
coded casually, are not run widely over a long time, which prevents
the exposure of potential resource leaks. Therefore, we excluded
test cases in JLeaks.
Compiling historical versions of projects poses extensive chal-
lenges to validity. We have exerted our utmost efforts to compile the
entire open-source project. Regrettably, only 86/871=9.9% project
versions can be fully compiled. The causes of compilation failures
are usually attributable to missing dependency packages, incorrect
Java versions, incomplete projects, and the unique configurations.
Manual analysis of code can be prone to errors and bias affecting
the correctness of the JLeaks. However, we have taken great care
and made the best effort to ensure the accuracy of the data in
JLeaks. First, five experienced Java developers from the industry
are employed to annotate the commits. All of them have been using
Java for at least eight years. Second, we modeled resource leaks
on the theory and trained the participants. Finally, we performed
cross-validation during the classification process. We compute the
consistency of two-round annotation using Cohen’s Kappa metric,
as shown in Table 2. The results prove that the two rounds of
annotating are consistent.
Memory leaks are not included in JLeaks. Manually building a
high-quality and large-scale defect repository is time-consuming.
We currently focus solely on resource leaks. In the future, we will
include more defects related to memory leaks in JLeaks and continue
expanding our repository’s scale.

===== PAGE 12 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
8 RELATED WORK
A data set of wild defects and patches is vital for defect detection,
localization, and repair. Two principal approaches for building wild
defects repositories are collecting data from competitions or as-
signments and extracting data from vulnerability database or open
source project management platforms. Codeflaws [50], QuixBugs
[31], and CodeNet [ 42] are examples of defect repositories built
using the first approach. Although this approach can collect a large
number of defects, differences still exist compared with real-world
industry defects. Therefore, researchers have adopted the second
approach to improve the diversity and practicality of defect repos-
itories. Ponta et al. [ 41] used NVD as the data source to collect
624 software vulnerabilities from 1,282 commits in 205 projects.
Similarly, Deepcva [ 29] contains 1,229 vulnerabilities from 246
projects involving 542 software vulnerabilities. The data source
NVD ensures the precision of defect labeling, yet it simultaneously
limits the scale of defect repositories. Besides NVD, the open-source
project management platforms, with GitHub being particularly sig-
nificant, serve as crucial sources for building defect repositories.
For instance, Wang et al. [
54] collected 7,997 wild-based security
patches. Russell et al. [43] compiled millions of function-level ex-
amples of C and C++ from SATE IV, Debian Linux distribution, and
public Git repositories on GitHub. Tomassi et al. [52] and Madeiral
et al. [35] adopted continuous-integration approaches to ensure the
continuous growth of defect data sets. However, these repositories
use the before-commit code as defect code, which is inaccurate.
Automatic, semi-automatic and manual approaches have been
proposed to enhance the accuracy of wild defects collection. Using
three static analyzers. VulinOSS [21] picked up 17,738 vulnerabili-
ties from 23,884 versions in 153 projects. GrowingBug, described
in [23, 24], utilizes the code refactoring technique and heuristic
algorithms to automatically filter out bug-irrelevance changes in
GitHub commits, extracting wild defects. Defects4J [26] is a highly
accurate data set for defects and patches, primarily due to manual
participation. The initial release, Defects4J 1.0, encompasses 357
defects sourced from five real-world projects. Beyond its authen-
ticity and reliability, Defects4J offers the significant advantage of
reproducibility. It is worth noting that GrowingBug follows the
framework established by Defects4J. In addition, researchers also
have built some defect repositories for their works. For example,
Sabetta et al. [44] used 540 patches from 220 open-source projects,
and Zhou et al. [56] manually collected 48,687 defects.
Some repositories have been built for specific defect types. Ja-
ConTeBe [32] manually collected 47 concurrency defects from 8
open-source projects, involving race, deadlocks, and Java-memory-
model-related bugs. Similarly, NodeCB [53] extracted 57 concur-
rency defects from 53 Node.js projects, while GoBench [30] is the
first benchmark suite for Go concurrency bugs. Another defect
repository, as discussed in [30], focused on data race and was gener-
ated by extracting defects from real projects and generating variants
automatically, supplemented by manual test cases authoring.
Resource leaks seriously affect the safety and stability of the
software system. However, the Java resource leak repositories have
not been studied adequately. DroidLeaks [33] offers a comprehen-
sive resource leak repository for Android to address this gap. It
contains 292 resource leaks from 32 popular projects and has been
built using a combination of keyword-based and manual filtering
approaches. Additionally, Bhatt et al. [4] identified 50 resource leaks
in the Android system. In the context of the Linux kernel, Slaby
et al. [47] uncovered 7 memory leaks and 13 resource leaks, while
Pashchenko et al. [ 38] documented 62 resource leaks in Tomcat.
The authors of [19] collected 238 memory leaks and 253 resource
leaks from 15 open-source projects on Apache or GitHub. We con-
clude that the repositories that contain high-quality leaks from real
projects are scarce. First, though several existing repositories are
available, the number of resource leaks is still too small. Second,
a significant amount of code duplication is observed in existing
repositories due to the limited number of projects. Third, the avail-
ability of some repositories decreases over time. It is challenging
to build a high-quality defect repository automatically. However,
manually creating a defect repository is indispensable for ensuring
quality, providing insight, and addressing shortages.
9 CONCLUSION
We systematically investigate and summarize the resource alloca-
tion in Java, using this to assess whether the resources are released
correctly and timely in both defect code fragments and their com-
mitted patches. After extensive manual analysis, we collected 1,094
resource leak defects from 321 open-source projects on GitHub
and built an accurately labeled repository JLeaks. It is currently
the largest known repository of resource leaks built from open-
source projects (excluding memory leaks), in which each defect
is annotated, and both defect code fragments and patches are in-
cluded. Several interesting conclusions have been drawn after an
in-depth analysis of the repository. We find that the pattern of most
resource leak problems is relatively simple, and the most effective
fix approach is try-with-resources. This repository is also of great
significance for subsequent research work such as defect pattern
analysis, defect detection, and automatic defect repair. In the future,
we will include more defects related to memory leaks in JLeaks and
continue to expand the scale of our repository.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The authors would like to thank the anonymous reviewers from
ICSE’2024 for their insightful comments and constructive sugges-
tions. This work was partially supported by the National Natural
Science Foundation of China (62232003).
REFERENCES
[1]
2008. ISO/IEC 25012:2008 - Systems and software engineering – Software product
Quality Requirements and Evaluation (SQuaRE) – Data quality model. Interna-
tional Organization for Standardization. https://www.iso.org/standard/35736.
html
[2] Amritanshu Agrawal, Akond Rahman, Rahul Krishna, Alexander Sobran, and
Tim Menzies. 2018. We don’t need another hero?: the impact of "heroes" on
software development. In Proceedings of the 40th International Conference on Soft-
ware Engineering: Software Engineering in Practice, ICSE (SEIP) 2018, Gothenburg,
Sweden, May 27 - June 03, 2018, Frances Paulisch and Jan Bosch (Eds.). ACM,
245–253. https://doi.org/10.1145/3183519.3183549
[3] Miltiadis Allamanis. 2019. The adverse effects of code duplication in machine
learning models of code. In Proceedings of the 2019 ACM SIGPLAN International
Symposium on New Ideas, New Paradigms, and Reflections on Programming and
Software, Onward! 2019, Athens, Greece, October 23-24, 2019, Hidehiko Masuhara
and Tomas Petricek (Eds.). ACM, 143–153. https://doi.org/10.1145/3359591.
3359735

===== PAGE 13 =====
ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal Tianyang Liu and Weixing Ji, et al.
[4] Bhargav Nagaraja Bhatt and Carlo A. Furia. 2022. Automated repair of resource
leaks in Android applications. J. Syst. Softw. 192 (2022), 111417. https://doi.org/
10.1016/j.jss.2022.111417
[5] Christian Bird, Peter C. Rigby, Earl T. Barr, David J. Hamilton, Daniel M. Ger-
mán, and Premkumar T. Devanbu. 2009. The promises and perils of mining git.
In Proceedings of the 6th International Working Conference on Mining Software
Repositories, MSR 2009 (Co-located with ICSE), Vancouver, BC, Canada, May 16-17,
2009, Proceedings, Michael W. Godfrey and Jim Whitehead (Eds.). IEEE Computer
Society, 1–10. https://doi.org/10.1109/MSR.2009.5069475
[6] Tom B. Brown, Benjamin Mann, Nick Ryder, Melanie Subbiah, Jared Kaplan,
and Prafulla Dhariwal et al. 2020. Language Models are Few-Shot Learners.
In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 33: Annual Conference on
Neural Information Processing Systems 2020, NeurIPS 2020, December 6-12, 2020,
virtual, Hugo Larochelle, Marc’Aurelio Ranzato, Raia Hadsell, Maria-Florina
Balcan, and Hsuan-Tien Lin (Eds.). https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2020/
hash/1457c0d6bfcb4967418bfb8ac142f64a-Abstract.html
[7] Saikat Chakraborty, Toufique Ahmed, Yangruibo Ding, Premkumar T. Devanbu,
and Baishakhi Ray. 2022. NatGen: generative pre-training by "naturalizing"
source code. In Proceedings of the 30th ACM Joint European Software Engineering
Conference and Symposium on the Foundations of Software Engineering, ESEC/FSE
2022, Singapore, Singapore, November 14-18, 2022 , Abhik Roychoudhury, Cristian
Cadar, and Miryung Kim (Eds.). ACM, 18–30. https://doi.org/10.1145/3540250.
3549162
[8] Mark Chen, Jerry Tworek, Heewoo Jun, Qiming Yuan, Henrique Pondé de
Oliveira Pinto, Jared Kaplan, Harrison Edwards, Yuri Burda, Nicholas Joseph, and
Greg Brockman et al. 2021. Evaluating Large Language Models Trained on Code.
CoRR abs/2107.03374 (2021). arXiv:2107.03374 https://arxiv.org/abs/2107.03374
[9] Anton Cheshkov, Pavel Zadorozhny, and Rodion Levichev. 2023. Evaluation
of ChatGPT Model for Vulnerability Detection. CoRR abs/2304.07232 (2023).
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2304.07232 arXiv:2304.07232
[10] Jacob Cohen. 1960. A Coefficient of Agreement for Nominal Scales. Educational
and Psychological Measurement 20, 1 (1960), 37–46. https://doi.org/10.1177/
001316446002000104 arXiv:https://doi.org/10.1177/001316446002000104
[11] Roland Croft, M. Ali Babar, and Huaming Chen. 2022. Noisy Label Learning
for Security Defects. In 2022 IEEE/ACM 19th International Conference on Mining
Software Repositories (MSR). 435–447. https://doi.org/10.1145/3524842.3528446
[12] Roland Croft, Muhammad Ali Babar, and M. Mehdi Kholoosi. 2023. Data Quality
for Software Vulnerability Datasets. In 45th IEEE/ACM International Conference
on Software Engineering, ICSE 2023, Melbourne, Australia, May 14-20, 2023. IEEE,
121–133. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSE48619.2023.00022
[13] Roland Croft, Yongzheng Xie, and Muhammad Ali Babar. 2023. Data Preparation
for Software Vulnerability Prediction: A Systematic Literature Review.IEEE Trans.
Softw. Eng.49, 3 (mar 2023), 1044–1063. https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2022.3171202
[14] Arghavan Moradi Dakhel, Vahid Majdinasab, Amin Nikanjam, Foutse Khomh,
Michel C. Desmarais, and Zhen Ming (Jack) Jiang. 2023. GitHub Copilot AI
pair programmer: Asset or Liability? J. Syst. Softw. 203 (2023), 111734. https:
//doi.org/10.1016/j.jss.2023.111734
[15] Isil Dillig, Thomas Dillig, Eran Yahav, and Satish Chandra. 2008. The CLOSER:
Automating Resource Management in Java. In Proceedings of the 7th International
Symposium on Memory Management (Tucson, AZ, USA) (ISMM ’08). Association
for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 1–10. https://doi.org/10.1145/
1375634.1375636
[16] Hyunsook Do, Sebastian G. Elbaum, and Gregg Rothermel. 2005. Supporting
Controlled Experimentation with Testing Techniques: An Infrastructure and its
Potential Impact. Empir. Softw. Eng. 10, 4 (2005), 405–435. https://doi.org/10.
1007/s10664-005-3861-2
[17] FaceBook. 2023. GitHub - facebook/infer: A static analyzer for Java, C, C++, and
Objective-C. https://github.com/facebook/infer. (Accessed on 03/30/2023).
[18] Daniel Fried, Armen Aghajanyan, Jessy Lin, Sida Wang, Eric Wallace, Freda Shi,
Ruiqi Zhong, Scott Yih, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Mike Lewis. 2023. InCoder: A
Generative Model for Code Infilling and Synthesis. In The Eleventh International
Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2023, Kigali, Rwanda, May 1-5, 2023 .
OpenReview.net. https://openreview.net/pdf?id=hQwb-lbM6EL
[19] Mohammadreza Ghanavati, Diego Costa, Janos Seboek, David Lo, and Artur
Andrzejak. 2020. Memory and resource leak defects and their repairs in Java
projects. Empir. Softw. Eng. 25, 1 (2020), 678–718. https://doi.org/10.1007/s10664-
019-09731-8
[20] Fabrizio Gilardi, Meysam Alizadeh, and Maël Kubli. 2023. ChatGPT Outperforms
Crowd-Workers for Text-Annotation Tasks.CoRR abs/2303.15056 (2023). https:
//doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2303.15056 arXiv:2303.15056
[21] Antonios Gkortzis, Dimitris Mitropoulos, and Diomidis Spinellis. 2018. VulinOSS:
a dataset of security vulnerabilities in open-source systems. In Proceedings of
the 15th International Conference on Mining Software Repositories, MSR 2018,
Gothenburg, Sweden, May 28-29, 2018, Andy Zaidman, Yasutaka Kamei, and Emily
Hill (Eds.). ACM, 18–21. https://doi.org/10.1145/3196398.3196454
[22] Nan Jiang, Kevin Liu, Thibaud Lutellier, and Lin Tan. 2023. Impact of Code
Language Models on Automated Program Repair. CoRR abs/2302.05020 (2023).
https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2302.05020 arXiv:2302.05020
[23] Yanjie Jiang, Hui Liu, Xiaoqing Luo, Zhihao Zhu, Xiaye Chi, Nan Niu, Yuxia
Zhang, Yamin Hu, Pan Bian, and Lu Zhang. 2022. BugBuilder: An Automated
Approach to Building Bug Repository. IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering
(2022), 1–1. https://doi.org/10.1109/TSE.2022.3177713
[24] Yanjie Jiang, Hui Liu, Nan Niu, Lu Zhang, and Yamin Hu. 2021. Extracting Concise
Bug-Fixing Patches from Human-Written Patches in Version Control Systems.
In 43rd IEEE/ACM International Conference on Software Engineering, ICSE 2021,
Madrid, Spain, 22-30 May 2021. IEEE, 686–698. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSE43902.
2021.00069
[25] Anshul Jindal, Paul Staab, Pooja Kulkarni, Jorge Cardoso, Michael Gerndt, and
Vladimir Podolskiy. 2021. Memory Leak Detection Algorithms in the Cloud-
based Infrastructure. CoRR abs/2106.08938 (2021). arXiv:2106.08938 https:
//arxiv.org/abs/2106.08938
[26] René Just, Darioush Jalali, and Michael D. Ernst. 2014. Defects4J: a database of
existing faults to enable controlled testing studies for Java programs. In Interna-
tional Symposium on Software Testing and Analysis, ISSTA ’14, San Jose, CA, USA -
July 21 - 26, 2014, Corina S. Pasareanu and Darko Marinov (Eds.). ACM, 437–440.
https://doi.org/10.1145/2610384.2628055
[27] Eirini Kalliamvakou, Georgios Gousios, Kelly Blincoe, Leif Singer, Daniel M.
Germán, and Daniela E. Damian. 2014. The promises and perils of mining GitHub.
In 11th Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories, MSR 2014, Proceedings,
May 31 - June 1, 2014, Hyderabad, India, Premkumar T. Devanbu, Sung Kim, and
Martin Pinzger (Eds.). ACM, 92–101. https://doi.org/10.1145/2597073.2597074
[28] Sungmin Kang, Juyeon Yoon, and Shin Yoo. 2022. Large Language Mod-
els are Few-shot Testers: Exploring LLM-based General Bug Reproduc-
tion. CoRR abs/2209.11515 (2022). https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2209.11515
arXiv:2209.11515
[29] Triet Huynh Minh Le, David Hin, Roland Croft, and Muhammad Ali Babar. 2021.
DeepCVA: Automated Commit-level Vulnerability Assessment with Deep Multi-
task Learning. In 36th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software
Engineering, ASE 2021, Melbourne, Australia, November 15-19, 2021. IEEE, 717–729.
https://doi.org/10.1109/ASE51524.2021.9678622
[30] Chunhua Liao, Pei-Hung Lin, Joshua Asplund, Markus Schordan, and Ian Karlin.
2017. DataRaceBench: a benchmark suite for systematic evaluation of data race
detection tools. InProceedings of the International Conference for High Performance
Computing, Networking, Storage and Analysis, SC 2017, Denver, CO, USA, November
12 - 17, 2017, Bernd Mohr and Padma Raghavan (Eds.). ACM, 11:1–11:14. https:
//doi.org/10.1145/3126908.3126958
[31] Derrick Lin, James Koppel, Angela Chen, and Armando Solar-Lezama. 2017.
QuixBugs: a multi-lingual program repair benchmark set based on the quixey
challenge. In Proceedings Companion of the 2017 ACM SIGPLAN International
Conference on Systems, Programming, Languages, and Applications: Software for
Humanity, SPLASH 2017, Vancouver, BC, Canada, October 23 - 27, 2017, Gail C.
Murphy (Ed.). ACM, 55–56. https://doi.org/10.1145/3135932.3135941
[32] Ziyi Lin, Darko Marinov, Hao Zhong, Yuting Chen, and Jianjun Zhao. 2015.
JaConTeBe: A Benchmark Suite of Real-World Java Concurrency Bugs (T). In
30th IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software Engineering, ASE
2015, Lincoln, NE, USA, November 9-13, 2015, Myra B. Cohen, Lars Grunske, and
Michael Whalen (Eds.). IEEE Computer Society, 178–189. https://doi.org/10.
1109/ASE.2015.87
[33] Yepang Liu, Jue Wang, Lili Wei, Chang Xu, Shing-Chi Cheung, Tianyong Wu, Jun
Yan, and Jian Zhang. 2019. DroidLeaks: a comprehensive database of resource
leaks in Android apps. Empir. Softw. Eng. 24, 6 (2019), 3435–3483. https://doi.
org/10.1007/s10664-019-09715-8
[34] Fumio Machida, Jianwen Xiang, Kumiko Tadano, and Yoshiharu Maeno. 2012.
Aging-Related Bugs in Cloud Computing Software. In 23rd IEEE International
Symposium on Software Reliability Engineering Workshops, ISSRE Workshops,
Dallas, TX, USA, November 27-30, 2012. IEEE Computer Society, 287–292. https:
//doi.org/10.1109/ISSREW.2012.97
[35] Fernanda Madeiral, Simon Urli, Marcelo de Almeida Maia, and Martin Monperrus.
2019. BEARS: An Extensible Java Bug Benchmark for Automatic Program Repair
Studies. In 26th IEEE International Conference on Software Analysis, Evolution
and Reengineering, SANER 2019, Hangzhou, China, February 24-27, 2019, Xinyu
Wang, David Lo, and Emad Shihab (Eds.). IEEE, 468–478. https://doi.org/10.1109/
SANER.2019.8667991
[36] Erik Nijkamp, Bo Pang, Hiroaki Hayashi, Lifu Tu, Huan Wang, Yingbo Zhou,
Silvio Savarese, and Caiming Xiong. 2023. CodeGen: An Open Large Language
Model for Code with Multi-Turn Program Synthesis. InThe Eleventh International
Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2023, Kigali, Rwanda, May 1-5, 2023.
OpenReview.net. https://openreview.net/pdf?id=iaYcJKpY2B_
[37] Oracle. 2020. FilterInputStream (Java Platform SE 7 ). https://docs.oracle.com/
javase/7/docs/api/java/io/FilterInputStream.html. (Accessed on 03/30/2023).
[38] Ivan Pashchenko, Stanislav Dashevskyi, and Fabio Massacci. 2017. Delta-
Bench: Differential Benchmark for Static Analysis Security Testing Tools. In
2017 ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering
and Measurement, ESEM 2017, Toronto, ON, Canada, November 9-10, 2017, Ayse
Bener, Burak Turhan, and Stefan Biffl (Eds.). IEEE Computer Society, 163–168.
https://doi.org/10.1109/ESEM.2017.24

===== PAGE 14 =====
JLeaks: A Featured Resource Leak Repository Collected From Hundreds of Open-Source Java Projects ICSE ’24, April 14–20, 2024, Lisbon, Portugal
[39] Peter Pickerill, Heiko Joshua Jungen, Miroslaw Ochodek, Michal Mackowiak, and
Miroslaw Staron. 2020. PHANTOM: Curating GitHub for engineered software
projects using time-series clustering. Empir. Softw. Eng. 25, 4 (2020), 2897–2929.
https://doi.org/10.1007/s10664-020-09825-8
[40] pmd. 2023. GitHub - pmd/pmd: An extensible multilanguage static code analyzer.
https://github.com/pmd/pmd. (Accessed on 03/30/2023).
[41] Serena Elisa Ponta, Henrik Plate, Antonino Sabetta, Michele Bezzi, and Cédric
Dangremont. 2019. A manually-curated dataset of fixes to vulnerabilities of open-
source software. In Proceedings of the 16th International Conference on Mining
Software Repositories, MSR 2019, 26-27 May 2019, Montreal, Canada, Margaret-
Anne D. Storey, Bram Adams, and Sonia Haiduc (Eds.). IEEE / ACM, 383–387.
https://doi.org/10.1109/MSR.2019.00064
[42] Ruchir Puri, David S. Kung, Geert Janssen, Wei Zhang, Giacomo Domeniconi,
Vladimir Zolotov, and Julian Dolby et al. 2021. CodeNet: A Large-Scale AI for Code
Dataset for Learning a Diversity of Coding Tasks. In Proceedings of the Neural
Information Processing Systems Track on Datasets and Benchmarks 1, NeurIPS
Datasets and Benchmarks 2021, December 2021, virtual, Joaquin Vanschoren and
Sai-Kit Yeung (Eds.). https://datasets-benchmarks-proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/
2021/hash/a5bfc9e07964f8dddeb95fc584cd965d-Abstract-round2.html
[43] Rebecca L. Russell, Louis Y. Kim, Lei H. Hamilton, Tomo Lazovich, Jacob Harer,
Onur Ozdemir, Paul M. Ellingwood, and Marc W. McConley. 2018. Automated
Vulnerability Detection in Source Code Using Deep Representation Learning.
In 17th IEEE International Conference on Machine Learning and Applications,
ICMLA 2018, Orlando, FL, USA, December 17-20, 2018, M. Arif Wani, Mehmed M.
Kantardzic, Moamar Sayed Mouchaweh, João Gama, and Edwin Lughofer (Eds.).
IEEE, 757–762. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICMLA.2018.00120
[44] Antonino Sabetta and Michele Bezzi. 2018. A Practical Approach to the Automatic
Classification of Security-Relevant Commits. In2018 IEEE International Conference
on Software Maintenance and Evolution, ICSME 2018, Madrid, Spain, September
23-29, 2018. IEEE Computer Society, 579–582. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSME.
2018.00058
[45] Elvis Saravia. 2022. Prompt Engineering Guide. https://github.com/dair-ai/Prompt-
Engineering-Guide (12 2022).
[46] Ran Shaham, Elliot K. Kolodner, and Shmuel Sagiv. 2000. On the Effectiveness
of GC in Java. In ISMM 2000, International Symposium on Memory Management,
Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, October 15-16, 2000 (in conjunction with OOPSLA
2000), Conference Proceedings, Craig Chambers and Antony L. Hosking (Eds.).
ACM, 12–17. https://doi.org/10.1145/362422.362430
[47] Jiri Slaby, Jan Strejcek, and Marek Trtík. 2013. ClabureDB: Classified Bug-Reports
Database. In Verification, Model Checking, and Abstract Interpretation, 14th Inter-
national Conference, VMCAI 2013, Rome, Italy, January 20-22, 2013. Proceedings
(Lecture Notes in Computer Science, Vol. 7737), Roberto Giacobazzi, Josh Berdine,
and Isabella Mastroeni (Eds.). Springer, 268–274. https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-
642-35873-9_17
[48] SpotBugs. 2023. SpotBugs. https://spotbugs.github.io/. (Accessed on 03/30/2023).
[49] Laszlo Szekeres, Mathias Payer, Tao Wei, and Dawn Song. 2013. SoK: Eternal War
in Memory. In 2013 IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy, SP 2013, Berkeley,
CA, USA, May 19-22, 2013. IEEE Computer Society, 48–62. https://doi.org/10.
1109/SP.2013.13
[50] Shin Hwei Tan, Jooyong Yi, Yulis, Sergey Mechtaev, and Abhik Roychoudhury.
2017. Codeflaws: a programming competition benchmark for evaluating auto-
mated program repair tools. In Proceedings of the 39th International Conference
on Software Engineering, ICSE 2017, Buenos Aires, Argentina, May 20-28, 2017 -
Companion Volume, Sebastián Uchitel, Alessandro Orso, and Martin P. Robillard
(Eds.). IEEE Computer Society, 180–182. https://doi.org/10.1109/ICSE-C.2017.76
[51] Haoye Tian, Weiqi Lu, Tsz On Li, Xunzhu Tang, Shing-Chi Cheung, Jacques
Klein, and Tegawendé F. Bissyandé. 2023. Is ChatGPT the Ultimate Programming
Assistant - How far is it? CoRR abs/2304.11938 (2023). https://doi.org/10.48550/
arXiv.2304.11938 arXiv:2304.11938
[52] David A. Tomassi, Naji Dmeiri, Yichen Wang, Antara Bhowmick, Yen-Chuan
Liu, Premkumar T. Devanbu, Bogdan Vasilescu, and Cindy Rubio-González.
2019. BugSwarm: mining and continuously growing a dataset of reproducible
failures and fixes. In Proceedings of the 41st International Conference on Soft-
ware Engineering, ICSE 2019, Montreal, QC, Canada, May 25-31, 2019, Joanne M.
Atlee, Tevfik Bultan, and Jon Whittle (Eds.). IEEE / ACM, 339–349. https:
//doi.org/10.1109/ICSE.2019.00048
[53] Jie Wang, Wensheng Dou, Yu Gao, Chushu Gao, Feng Qin, Kang Yin, and Jun
Wei. 2017. A comprehensive study on real world concurrency bugs in Node.js. In
Proceedings of the 32nd IEEE/ACM International Conference on Automated Software
Engineering, ASE 2017, Urbana, IL, USA, October 30 - November 03, 2017, Grigore
Rosu, Massimiliano Di Penta, and Tien N. Nguyen (Eds.). IEEE Computer Society,
520–531. https://doi.org/10.1109/ASE.2017.8115663
[54] Xinda Wang, Shu Wang, Pengbin Feng, Kun Sun, and Sushil Jajodia. 2021.
PatchDB: A Large-Scale Security Patch Dataset. In 51st Annual IEEE/IFIP Interna-
tional Conference on Dependable Systems and Networks, DSN 2021, Taipei, Taiwan,
June 21-24, 2021. IEEE, 149–160. https://doi.org/10.1109/DSN48987.2021.00030
[55] Jialu Zhang, José Cambronero, Sumit Gulwani, Vu Le, Ruzica Piskac, Gustavo
Soares, and Gust Verbruggen. 2022. Repairing Bugs in Python Assignments Using
Large Language Models. CoRR abs/2209.14876 (2022). https://doi.org/10.48550/
arXiv.2209.14876 arXiv:2209.14876
[56] Yaqin Zhou, Shangqing Liu, Jing Kai Siow, Xiaoning Du, and Yang Liu. 2019. De-
vign: Effective Vulnerability Identification by Learning Comprehensive Program
Semantics via Graph Neural Networks. InAdvances in Neural Information Process-
ing Systems 32: Annual Conference on Neural Information Processing Systems 2019,
NeurIPS 2019, December 8-14, 2019, Vancouver, BC, Canada, Hanna M. Wallach,
Hugo Larochelle, Alina Beygelzimer, Florence d’Alché-Buc, Emily B. Fox, and
Roman Garnett (Eds.). 10197–10207. https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2019/
hash/49265d2447bc3bbfe9e76306ce40a31f-Abstract.html